Aleksy had been waiting all night for this moment. He was in the middle of the concert, surrounded by the pulsing music and the cheering crowd. He felt alive. This was what he lived for. For a moment, he forgot about his mundane life as a grocery store clerk. He was transported to a world of excitement and adventure. He danced and sang along with the music, losing himself in the moment. Suddenly, the music stopped and the lights came on. Aleksy blinked, disoriented. The spell was broken. He was back in the real world. As the crowd filed out of the venue, Aleksy felt deflated. He slowly made his way back to the grocery store, his home for the past four years. He was starting to feel like he was too old for this. Maybe it was time to move on. Aleksy unlocked the door to the store, his mind still racing from the concert. He flipped on the lights, and the harsh fluorescent light illuminated the empty aisles. He sighed and went to the back room to clock in. Maybe it was time for a change. He had been feeling restless lately, like he was meant for something more. He had always dreamed of being a musician, but he never had the talent or the drive to pursue it. He was content with his life, but he couldn't help but wonder what if. Aleksy unlocked the door to the store, his mind still racing from the concert. He flipped on the lights, and the harsh fluorescent light illuminated the empty aisles. He sighed and went to the back room to clock in. Maybe it was time for a change. He had been feeling restless lately, like he was meant for something more. He had always dreamed of being a musician, but he never had the talent or the drive to pursue it. He was content with his life, but he couldn't help but wonder what if. He clocked in and grabbed his apron from the hook, tying it around his waist. He made his way out to the floor and started restocking the shelves. It was mind-numbing work, but he was good at it. He had been doing it for years. He would do it for years to come, unless he decided to make a change. The thought made him feel like he was trapped. He couldn't stay at the store forever, but he didn't know what else he was meant to do. He reached for a can of beans, but his hand grazed something else instead. He felt a sudden jolt of electricity and he was knocked to the ground. He felt like he was floating, weightless and free. He closed his eyes and when he opened them again, he was standing in the middle of the stage. The crowd was cheering and the music was pulsing. He was home.