The man took another step towards Jenna, and she stepped back again. She was now backed up against a tree, and there was nowhere else to go. The man was still holding the knife, and Jenna could see the look of hunger in his eyes. She knew she was in trouble. There was no one around for miles, and she didn't know how to defend herself against a knife. She tried to think of something, anything, that could help her get out of this situation, but her mind was blank. The man took another step closer, and Jenna could feel the tree trunk pressing into her back. She knew she had to think of something fast. Suddenly, she remembered something her father had taught her when she was younger. If you ever find yourself in a situation like this, he had said, use your words. Talk to the person and try to reason with them. Jenna knew it was a long shot, but she had to try something. "Please," she said, her voice shaking. "Don't hurt me. I don't have anything worth stealing." The man just laughed and took another step closer. Jenna could see the hunger in his eyes, and she knew he wasn't going to just let her go. She had to think of something fast. "Please," she said again. "There's no need to do this. I won't tell anyone. Just let me go and I'll forget this ever happened." The man just laughed again and took another step closer. Jenna was now backed up against the tree with nowhere to go. She knew she had to think of something fast. Suddenly, she remembered what her father had said about using your words. "Please," she begged. "There's no need to do this. I won't tell anyone. Just let me go and I'll forget this ever happened." The man just laughed again, but this time he took a step back. Jenna could see the hunger in his eyes, but she could also see the hesitation. "Please," she begged again. "Just let me go and I'll forget this ever happened. I promise." The man hesitated for a moment, and then he finally took a step back. Jenna could see the hunger in his eyes, but she also saw the fear. He was afraid of getting caught. "Yes," he said finally. "Just go and forget this ever happened." Jenna didn't need to be told twice. She turned and ran as fast as she could back down the mountain trail. She didn't stop running until she reached the safety of the village below.