The man who wouldn't tell Tom what he was drinking looks up at him and smiles. Tom returns the smile, but his mind is racing. He can't shake the feeling that something is about to happen. The door opens again and two more men come in. They sit down at the table with the other three men and start to play cards. Tom tries to act casual, but he can feel the sweat beading on his forehead. He takes a sip of his drink and looks around the cabin, trying to spot an escape route. The only way out is the door, and there are now six men between him and it. He takes another sip of his drink and tries to calm himself down. He doesn't want to show the men that he's afraid. The men finish their game and stand up, stretching and yawning. One of them walks over to the bar and pours himself a drink. He looks at Tom and asks him what he's doing here. Tom tells him that he's just passing through and that he's on his way to the next village. The man takes a sip of his drink and asks Tom if he has anything to eat. Tom tells him that he doesn't have anything, but the man doesn't believe him. He says that Tom must have something, because otherwise he wouldn't be here. The man walks around the bar and stands close to Tom. Tom can feel the man's breath on his face, and he can smell the alcohol on his breath. The man asks Tom again if he has anything to eat, and Tom tells him that he doesn't. The man doesn't believe him, and he starts to search Tom's pockets. Tom tries to push him away, but the man is too strong. He finds Tom's knife in his pocket and holds it up, laughing. The other men come over and start to search Tom as well. They find his money and his food, and they take it all. The man who found Tom's knife stands in front of him and points the knife at his face. He asks Tom if he has anything else, and Tom tells him no. The man doesn't believe him, and he starts to cut Tom's clothes off. Tom tries to fight back, but the man is too strong. He cuts Tom's shirt off and then starts to cut his pants. Tom is trying to think of a way to escape, but he can't. The man cuts Tom's pants off and then steps back, looking at him. Tom is standing there, naked and vulnerable. The man asks Tom one last time if he has anything else, and Tom tells him no. The man doesn't believe him, but he doesn't want to torture Tom any longer. He tells Tom to get out of the cabin and never come back. Tom picks up his clothes and runs out of the cabin, not looking back.