Jenna gets out of bed and stretches her arms over her head with a yawn. She pads over to her window and looks down at the busy street below. She can see the sidewalk cafe across the street, already starting to fill up with early morning commuters grabbing a quick cup of coffee before heading into the office. She can hear the hustle and bustle of the city as cars zoom down the street and sirens wail in the distance. Jenna lets out a sigh as she turns away from the window and goes to get ready for school. She heads into her small bathroom and turns on the shower. As the steam starts to fill the room, she undresses and climbs in. The hot water feels good against her skin and she lets out a small moan as she relaxes into it. She wash her hair and body before getting out and toweling off. Jenna puts on a pair of jeans and a comfortable t-shirt before heading into the kitchen. She starts a pot of coffee and grabs a yogurt out of the fridge. She spoon some cereal into a bowl and sits down at the table to eat. Once she's finished, she grabs her backpack and heads out the door. She locks the door behind her and starts down the stairs. She can hear the sound of traffic and people talking as she makes her way onto the busy sidewalk. Jenna weaves through the crowd, keeping her head down as she makes her way to the subway station. She buys a ticket and hops on the first train that arrives. She finds a seat and settles in for the ride. The subway car is packed with people and Jenna is squished between two large men. She tries to ignore their body heat and the fact that one of them is sweating profusely. She looks around the car and sees that everyone is tired and irritable. She can feel the tension in the air and she's glad when the train finally arrives at her stop. She hops off and makes her way up to street level. She starts walking towards her school, which is a few blocks away. She can see the imposing building in the distance and she feels a pit in her stomach. She knows she has a long day of classes and homework ahead of her.