Gabbi sat down on the couch and turned on the TV. She flipped through the channels, looking for something to watch. She finally settled on a reality show about people renovating their homes. She watched for a few minutes, but she couldn't really focus on the show. She kept thinking about the kids and how they were doing. She was glad they were in bed and asleep, but she couldn't help but worry about them. She wanted to make sure they were okay. She got up from the couch and went to check on them. She peeked into their room and saw that they were both sound asleep. She smiled and went back to the living room. She sat down and tried to focus on the TV again, but she couldn't. She kept thinking about the kids and worrying about them. She got up and went to check on them again. This time, she went into their room and sat down in a chair next to their bed. She watched them sleep for a few minutes and then got up to leave. As she was walking out of the room, she heard a noise. She stopped and listened, but she didn't hear anything. She shrugged and went back to the living room. She sat down and tried to watch TV again, but she couldn't focus. She kept thinking about the noise she had heard. Was it the kids? Is something wrong? She couldn't just sit there and do nothing. She had to check on them. She got up and went to their room again. This time, she went right to the bed and looked at the two kids. They were both fast asleep. She couldn't hear any noise. She was about to leave when she heard it again. This time, she was sure it was coming from the closet. She slowly walked over to the closet and opened the door. She couldn't see anything at first, but then she heard the noise again. It was definitely coming from the closet. She reached in and felt around, but she couldn't find anything. She was about to give up when she felt something move. She stepped back and turned on the light. There, in the back of the closet, was a small animal. It was a mouse. Gabbi sighed in relief and reached for a tissue to pick it up. She carried it outside and released it into the wild.